my name is Brandon Sarkis on behalf of
expert village today I'm going to show
you how to use a George Foreman grill to
make stuff besides grilled cheese
sandwiches and hot dogs for this next
shot I've got some shrimp that's nice
16:20 shrimp here so I'm just going to
take my brush with my olive oil like
always just brush each one of my shrimp
nice little liberal layer of olive oil
on each one
and right under the grill they go I'll
put the salt and pepper on them when
they're on the grill so let's go to the
grill now let's open it up looks like
we're ready to go like everything's all
nice and hot so we're just going to take
our shrimp
everybody likes real trim good thinking
about shrimp shrimp cooks really fast so
you can do a whole lot of shrimp of this
thing very very quickly there's on my
shrimp which hit a little bit of salt
and pepper
like always gotta have your salt your
pepper there we go gonna close this lid
down we're going to come back about
let's see four shrimp it kind of varies
you want to be kind of careful I think
we can probably get this shrimp done in
right now let's say two minutes probably
so we're back about two minutes all
right let's check on those shrimp and
they look absolutely wonderful so we're
going to take these off two minutes for
these wonderful perfect-looking shrimp
we're not going to fill this thing if I
could have done - 20 25 pieces just now
so something else you can do is you can
you can do more than one thing at a time
you can do your steaks and your truck at
the same time obviously you want to keep
an eye on shrimp do the split the shrimp
on towards the end look at that two
minutes and I've got some really really
great-looking shrimp so can't go wrong
with that at all